README.md, before:

# Merseyside Boating Guide

Stream Two Project: Interactive Frontend Development - Code Institute

Interactive website showing locations and short description of best places of interests for fans of boats and everything what's related to them in Merseyside, 
North West of England with possibility to book a bus with guide to any of them via contact form.

## DEMO

Live demo you will found [here](https://mafiu84.github.io/milestone-project-2-boats/)

## UX

### User stories

* As a person who is new to industry who wants to buy boat and see basic  

* As a person who
As an event organizer I want to have possibility to listen to music of group and contact if I'm interested in cooperation//  

### Strategy

My goal was to build mobile friendly, responsive and interactive website with all the information easily accessible 
just scrolling up or down and with links whitin website.

### Scope

//For fans, I wanted to provide them with all the news about group, and media to look at.

For people interested in cooperation, I wanted to provide possibility to contact group.//

### Structure

In contact form I wanted to provide possibility to send email by email js, footer stays collapsed regardless to screen size for easy acces.


### Skeleton

<p><a href="https://github.com/mafiu84/milestone-project-2-marinas/blob/8b0f98a6facfae50ca108b17ef53ba1da5d9a826/assets/wireframes%20for%20milestone%20project%202.bmpr"></a></p>Balsamiq wireframes
<p><a href="https://github.com/mafiu84/milestone-project-2-marinas/blob/8b0f98a6facfae50ca108b17ef53ba1da5d9a826/assets/wireframes%20for%20milestone%20project%202.pdf"></a></p>PDF wireframes

### Surface

//Background pictures in landing page, music, video and contact page were edited in fotor app that they would not distract attention from the content. Theme is dark to conserve power on battery powered devices.//

## TECHNOLOGIES

HTML - Hypertext Markup Language - used for building basic structure of website, allows to view it on modern web brosers [official description](https://whatwg.org/)

CSS - Cascading Style Sheets - adding styles to website like fonts, colours, layout etc. [official description](https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/)

JS - Java Script - 

Bootstrap 4.4.1 - library that I've used to build responsive grid layout and as base for some smaller elements available [here](https://getbootstrap.com/)

Additional font from Google Fonts library (Lato) available [here](https://fonts.google.com/)

## FEATURES

YouTube link is implemented on every site in container on bottom and its always visible as it scrolls with website. On contact page there are all link to social media of the band. Sites are responsive and on mobile screens there is drop down menu instead of navbar to get better clarity of content.

### Features left to implement

In future I would like to add online shop to sell items related to the group.

## TESTING

HTML tested in official validator\
CSS tested in official validator\
Tested for performance, accessibility, best practices and SEO for mobile and desktop machines in chrome dev tools-Lighthouse.\
Also I've tested website in chrome devtools for responsiveness and on multiple browsers and mobile devices.\


## DEPLOYMENT

This site is hosted using GitHub pages.
The live site updates automatically each time there is a new push to the repository.

First you need to created github account. Project is deployed from master branch.

Project is hosted at:

https://github.com/mafiu84/milestone-project-2-boats

You can clone the code to run it locally on your machine from my github:

https://mafiu84.github.io/milestone-project-2-boats/

To clone it simply type in terminal `git clone https://github.com/mafiu84/milestone-project-2-boats`

## CREDITS

### Content

As content i used Lorem ipsum text to complete the contents if necessary. 

### Media

All photos re from stock libraries and edited in Fotor app to keep the color theme of the page. Theme is dark bacause it reduces the luminance emitted by device screens, while still meeting minimum color contrast ratios. It helps improve visual ergonomics by reducing eye strain, adjusting brightness to current lighting conditions, and facilitating screen use in dark environments – all while conserving battery power.

### Acknowledgements

Band logo working as link to landing page was inspired by official website of group [official site](https://www.monkees.com/).

Commit message:

added acknowledgements section in Readme

README.md, after:

# Merseyside Boating Guide

Stream Two Project: Interactive Frontend Development - Code Institute

Interactive website showing locations and short description of best places of interests for fans of boats and everything what's related to them in Merseyside, 
North West of England with possibility to book a bus with guide to any of them via contact form.

## DEMO

Live demo you will found [here](https://mafiu84.github.io/milestone-project-2-boats/)

## UX

### User stories

* As a person who is new to industry who wants to buy boat and see basic  

* As a person who
As an event organizer I want to have possibility to listen to music of group and contact if I'm interested in cooperation//  

### Strategy

My goal was to build mobile friendly, responsive and interactive website with all the information easily accessible 
just scrolling up or down and with links whitin website.

### Scope

//For fans, I wanted to provide them with all the news about group, and media to look at.

For people interested in cooperation, I wanted to provide possibility to contact group.//

### Structure

In contact form I wanted to provide possibility to send email by email js, footer stays collapsed regardless to screen size for easy acces.


### Skeleton

<p><a href="https://github.com/mafiu84/milestone-project-2-marinas/blob/8b0f98a6facfae50ca108b17ef53ba1da5d9a826/assets/wireframes%20for%20milestone%20project%202.bmpr"></a></p>Balsamiq wireframes
<p><a href="https://github.com/mafiu84/milestone-project-2-marinas/blob/8b0f98a6facfae50ca108b17ef53ba1da5d9a826/assets/wireframes%20for%20milestone%20project%202.pdf"></a></p>PDF wireframes

### Surface

//Background pictures in landing page, music, video and contact page were edited in fotor app that they would not distract attention from the content. Theme is dark to conserve power on battery powered devices.//

## TECHNOLOGIES

HTML - Hypertext Markup Language - used for building basic structure of website, allows to view it on modern web brosers [official description](https://whatwg.org/)

CSS - Cascading Style Sheets - adding styles to website like fonts, colours, layout etc. [official description](https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/)

JS - Java Script - I've used Java Script to implement Google maps API and EmailJS API

Bootstrap 4.4.1 - library that I've used to build responsive grid layout and as base for some smaller elements available [here](https://getbootstrap.com/)

Additional font from Google Fonts library (Lato) available [here](https://fonts.google.com/)

## FEATURES

Footer is sticky and it scrolls with website. 

### Features left to implement

In future I would like to add extended booking option with calendar showing which dates are available.

## TESTING

HTML tested in official validator\
CSS tested in official validator\
Tested for performance, accessibility, best practices and SEO for mobile and desktop machines in chrome dev tools-Lighthouse.\
Also I've tested website in chrome devtools for responsiveness and on multiple browsers and mobile devices.\


## DEPLOYMENT

This site is hosted using GitHub pages.
The live site updates automatically each time there is a new push to the repository.

First you need to created github account. Project is deployed from master branch.

Project is hosted at:

https://github.com/mafiu84/milestone-project-2-boats

You can clone the code to run it locally on your machine from my github:

https://mafiu84.github.io/milestone-project-2-boats/

To clone it simply type in terminal `git clone https://github.com/mafiu84/milestone-project-2-boats`

## CREDITS

### Content

For content I've used mostly descriptions from websites that are linked as attractions. Only About section is written by me.

### Media

All photos are from stock libraries and from linked websites.

### Acknowledgements

Linked pages are:

* [Liverpool Marina](https://www.liverpoolmarina.com/)
* [Mersey Motor Boat Club]http://www.mmbc.co.uk/)
* [Stanley Dock]https://stanleydock.com/)
* [Collingwood Boat Builders]https://www.collingwoodboatbuilders.co.uk/)
* [Mersey Ferries]https://www.merseyferries.co.uk/)
* [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com)
